all right hey hey yeah Mon I saw the
Porsche parked out front can I get the
keys thought I'd take that bad boy out
for a little spin wait a minute you let
Ross Drive the Porsche and when I ask
you you say you're the only one who's
allowed to drive it well he's my brother
and plus he drives so slow he could
never hurt it it's a car Monica not a
rocketship just replace the bulbs and
the brake lights after you're done so
the Porsche out there mom looking good
when do I get to take that baby out
again you let Joey drive it I've never
driven it okay not once okay once okay I
drive it all the time nice work
everybody so much for that you know you
can drive it but don't tell Rachel plan
Wow
can't believe you lied to me okay I can
fix this okay Monica Rachel thinks all
you can talk about is the wedding really
well Rachel the reason why I won't let
you drive the Porsche is because you're
a terrible driver
there that wasn't about the wedding well
great if you want to go for a ride in
the Porsche I'll be glad to take you for
a quick spin around the block yeah you
got a couple hours